---
title:	"Multi-viewpoint 360: MMSys'18"
author: Xavier Corbillon, Francesca De Simone, Gwendal Simon, and Pascal Frossard
date:	April 19, 2018
---

# Reconstruction: build client bitstream

## Description

This folder contains a python3 script that read the download decisions from the MILP software, and build the bitstream the client would have generated by doing those download choices.
The folder contains also a docker image that can be used the run the script.

The docker image was built and tested using Docker version 18.03.0-ce.

## Build the Docker image

You have to build the docker image by using the build script *buildDockerContainer.sh*.
Most of the docker image is already build and available on docker hub: xmar/recontruct_tiled_mpv360_mmsys18:base, but that last layer needs to be build on your computer.

To build, run in this folder:

    ./buildDockerContainer.sh

## Run the containers

To run the software inside the docker container, you can run the script named *runDockerContainer.sh*:

    ./runDockerContainer.sh

It will download the 34 first seconds of the multi-viewpoint video encoded with tiles and split into DASH files (this requires ~ 2GB storage size).
It will then mount the current folder into the container and run the python3 script *reconstruct_viewport_quality.py* inside it.

The output files will be stored inside the folder: *outputs*.
For each user, each encoding scenario and each download scheduling scenario the *outputs* folder will contain a folder with the quality measurement, the video of viewport extracted from the original videos and the video of viewport extracted from the downloaded bitstream.

The folder *outputs/results* will contains the csv like files used to generate the pgfplots figures in the paper.
